Now that we understand the conversion process a little bit better.
I want to show you the function that we're going to use to do this conversion and then we'll start to
implement it inside of our form.
So I going to pull up my javascript console right here the function that is built into javascript that
we can use to do this conversion to us is called B to A.
So we call B to A with a string that we want to convert into a base 64 encoding.
So I'm going to put in the same string that we were using as a demonstration in the last video s e c
when I throw that in I get back the same stuff that we just saw in the last video.
C to capital B and J we then will have a b 64 string and we want to turn it back into normal characters.
We can call a to b and then pass in that same string or the base64 string and then we get back s e c
so B to A and A to B makes our life really easy especially for this application.
Let's now start to use the B to a function right there to take whatever text the user enters we're going
to encode it and we'll throw it onto into an input that will display on the screen that a user can easily
use to select that link copy paste enter at the front going to first go back over to my editor inside
of my index dot each email file I'm going to add in a little each team L that I'm going to display to
the user after they enter some text and then submit the form so right after the David class card panel
I'll find the closing date for that I'll give myself a little bit of space and then I'll open up a new
div
I'm going to put in share this link with a friend and then an input like so we're going to try to select
this input right here and put in the encrypted string do we want the user to share with their friends
just to make sure that it's really easy to select that input versus that input with the query selector
I'm going to add in an I.D. to the second input right here of link dash input again just to make it
easier to select I'll do the same thing with the first input as well I'll give that one an idea of message
dash input.
Again just adding the ideas on so we can select them very easily from our javascript code and not get
confused about which input is which will then go back over to my index dot J S file I'm going to first
update the selector that we used to get that input right there I'll change it to the idea that we just
added in so that is pound message dash input so we're then going to take the value out of it that's
input value and convert it into a base64 string they'll all say const encrypted is e to a base where
Sunni input die value there we go I'm then going to take that encrypted value and throw it into the
second input that we just created by first have to add in a selector for it so I'll do a document query
selector
hound link dash input and I'll set the value of it equal to encrypted it's let's save this and see how
we're doing gonna make sure I saved both those files go back to where the browser I'll refresh I see
the second input appear right there I'm going to throw in some text it creates and there's are base64
encrypted string we're going to eventually add in a little bit more text to this thing right here and
then user is going to select this copy it and share with their friend so quick pause right here and
we'll take care of that stuff in the next video.